I've had to move seven times in my career. I've never been in the same
place consecutively, so I first my first move was from the academy
down to Pensacola, Florida, for flight training. I could have moved
from there but had decided to stay, Um, in order to continue My advanced
training are. And then after I finished flight training down there,
I moved to San Diego, did about a year there and then from there
I moved to Japan, spent three years in Japan, then moved to Fallon.
Nevada spent 3.5 years there and then back to Japan for another two
years, then down to San Diego after that and now I'm in Monterey.
One of the things that you'll notice as you go through your career is
that some people are able to stay in the same place. I never particularly
wanted to do that on. I would say my wife didn't want to do
that either much. Once we get used to going different places, we kind
of wanted to keep doing it because it's exciting, it's it's it's fun
to see new things. Now if you ask her about living in near Fallon,
Nevada. She would tell you she'd hate it. She hated it, and she never
wanted to go back. But I would say that despite it being a very,
you know, in the middle of the desert and largely unpopulated, uh,
it gives you gives you perspective on different parts of our country
that you might not ever consider living in. There's a world outside,
uh, the urban centers. And that was really, really a valuable experience.
I don't think I would love to go back there either, but I can
appreciate it for what it is. And the most important thing I could
say about moving and is that we got the opportunity to go overseas.
That was a significant formative experience in my life. Not everybody
needs to move overseas to get that kind of perspective. Um, but it
was a great experience for me, and I would recommend to any junior
officer they take a tour overseas at least once in their career. It's
easier to do it early on to do a late, and that's just a fact